Services :

1. BRAND MANAGEMENT (BUILDING)


2. 


3. OPTIMIZE LISTING


  Just getting started selling on Amazon. Wondering how to showcase your products
  and win over customers. Detail pages are where customers make their buying decision. 
  And high quality listings make it easier to discover evaluate and purchase your products.
  To build a great listing put some work into the details title images bullet points
  descriptions and keywords can all help you construct a page that converts let`s take a look
  at how the best page builders get the job done.
  The first thing customers see is your title.
  It also helps determine where you show up in search results. A concise relevant title 
  will drive the most traffic to your detail page. 
  For most categories there's a quick formula ([Brand] + [Product Name] + [Size] + [Color])
  High-quality images can also set your product apart. Choose images that are clear
  easy to understand and attractively presented. Be sure to follow the requirements in 
  seller central and category style guides to avoid any headaches to give customers a 
  snapshot product overview. Perfect your bullet points these appear prominently 
  on the detail page right next to your images so focus on the most important product information.
  Further down the detail page is your product description this is your change to let
  customers imagine owning your product put yourself in their shoes. What would you want to know?
  Lastly help customers find your product and searches with the right keywords provide search 
  terms customers might use. Don't forget synonyms spelling variations or alternate names. Why
  put all this effor into optimizing your listings. It's all about giving customers of clear
  and compelling case to purchase your product. The right details can help you grow your brand
  increase sales and attract new customers build your business with Amazon
 

  ///
  Detail pages are where customers make their buying decision. 
  And high quality listings make it easier to discover evaluate and purchase your products.

    3.1 Search ranking
      We analyze the listing’s rank for specific, high-performing keywords.
    3.2 Title 
      The title is a major aspect of the product listing.
      It's a first thing customers see.
      A concise relevant title will drive the most traffic to your detail page.
      We analyze the title for specific keywords and utilize that with Amazon’s title rule.
    3.3 Pictures 
      Product images are one of your most valuable marketing tools. 
      Good images make it easy for customers to evaluate the product.
      We use third-party services to take photos of the required quality and rules.
    3.4 Bullet points
     The key product features are integral to conversion provide customers with a snapshot view of the product. 
     We use them to call out the most important information about your product that you want to make sure customers read.
    3.5 Descriptions
      The product description is a way that you can draw organic traffic through indexing, as well as help
      create a better customer shopping experience. It is important that customers know what they will be
      receiving when they make a purchase, and a good description vibrantly describes and sells, but also sets
      proper expectations for the product.
    3.6 Reviews strategy (COPY FROM quiverr.com)
      We utilize third party software to manage best practices for overall review generation. We create a custom email strategy to engage 
      with your Amazon customers on a personal level. This helps to create positive product and seller reviews while mitigating negative ones.

      Reviews is  high 
4. ADS - AMAZON ADVERTIZIN
    
    //Amazon Advertise includes some great tools (PPC, Sponsored Products, etc...). Utilize it help us increase traffic to your products in the short term and also contribute to increased exposure, traffic, and conversions over the long term.

    Amazon Advertise & Promotion tools include some great services (PPC, Sponsored Products, Deals, Coupons, etc...). 
    Utilize it help us increase traffic to your products in the short-term and also contribute to increased exposure, traffic, and conversions over the long-term.

5. LOGISTIC
    //Using third-party software and our probe we forecast essential quantity goods.
  Using third-party software and our probe, we forecast essential quantity goods.

  Постоянное наличие товара очень влияет на восприятие бренда. 
  Используя Амазон сервисы, сторонние программы 
  мы прогнозируем необходимое количество товара что бы быть всегда в стоке.

  The constant availability of a product greatly influences the perception of a brand.
  Using Amazon services, third-party programs, we predict the required quantity of goods to be always in stock.
  

6. CUSTOMER SUPPORT 
  We cost bridge between our customers and brand owners. 
  We execute Q&A monitoring.
  Rule refunds, returns, exchanges.
  Provide email, phone support.


7. PROTECTION

  CATALOG MANAGEMENT
  Working with the brand, we monitor the cleanliness of the product catalog.
  We are tracking and removing duplicate listings,  monitor the compliance of product information. Using  Amazon's support,
  we fix accidental or deliberate violations. (Mistakes in titles, inconsistencies in the description, etc.)
  
  MAP POLICY
  Enforcing minimum advertised prices (MAP) policy is very important for us.
  If you have a MAP agreement, we strictly adhere to it.

  Policy violation and MAP monitoring
  We provide the insight you need and give you the roadmap to take action against MAP violations on Amazon, 
  helping your performance and brand integrity across all retailers.

8. RATING & REVIEWS
  "The most effective content is supported and validated by positive reviews."
    This one is about social proof. Product reviews, both the quantity of them and the quality, are huge
  influencers on if people are going to buy a product. Many people compare products not only on
  Amazon is based on reviews, but they will even pull up their phone and check Amazon reviews before they
  buy the product in store. That is a big thing companies should be aware of! So, reviews are important.
  We firmly believe that all reviews should be monitored and responded to. This shows a level of care, and
  a strong review follow-up system can be used to curtail the accumulation of poor reviews.
  We can further increase the review score by going through and requesting removal for feedback that
  doesn't follow the Amazon guidelines. Typically, these types of reviews are related to product
  fulfillment and are a violation of Amazon's review guidelines.

9 ANALIZE & IMPROVING
  Мы изучаем и анализируем все возможности амазона для продвижения товара. 
  На основании данных мы ищем новые стратегии для продвижения.
  Используя статистику амазона мы создаем новые связки из популярных товаров  
  Well-designed product bundles provide convenience and value to buyers.

  We study and analyze all the possibilities of Amazon for product promotion.
  Based on the data, we are looking for new strategies for promotion.
  Using Amazon statistics, we create new bundles of popular products to provide convenience and value to buyers.



//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
 Retail service

  1 Seo & Analise
  2 Logistic
  3 Online store

1 Наша команда использует сторонние сервисы для анализа трафика и клиентов

2  
Online buying have become important parts of many people's lives. 
Virtual stores allow people to shop from the comfort of their homes without the pressure of a salesperson. 
Online marketplaces provide a new and more convenient venue for exchanging virtually all types of goods and services.
Мы создаем собственные нишевые онлайн магазины что бы продавать ваши товары. Для создавая магазины мы применяем 
современные способы разработки такие как мобильная версия магазина, сео оптимизация, удобный интерфейс и т.п.

Анализ реклама.

Рекламная компания напрямую зависит от анализа целевой аудитории. Мы используем сторонние инструменты для анализа и 
и настройкирекламных компаний чтобы достичь максимального результата.

 
Наша команда использует сторонние сервисы для анализа целевой аудитории.
Полученные данные мы используем для настройки рекламных компаний. Что бы максимально использовать.

Анализ и сбор данных важная часть онлайн маркетинга.
Наша команда уверена что использование рекламы без анализа целевой аудитории это пустая трата денег.
Для анализа  и сбора данных  мы используем сторонние сервисы. 
Это помогает нам правильно настроить рекламную компанию,
а так же правильно выбрать площадку для продвижения товара.
Анализ конкурентов помогает видеть 

Amazon Advertise & Promotion tools include some great services (PPC, Sponsored Products, Deals, Coupons, etc...). 
Utilize it help us increase traffic to your products in the short-term and also contribute to increased exposure, 
traffic, and conversions over the long-term.
